[Music]
we have series seven halo Mega Bloks
blind bag we have four of them here I
picked them up the other day so let's go
ahead and get these open and see what
kind of little goodies we get inside and
I pre-cut these they don't come slit
like that did that on my own
let's see what's inside this first one
here there's something good let's do
some rare stuff well that one didn't
want to open all that easy come on get
out of there love these things and just
for the record I probably have my
goodness 150 to 200 of these things so
let's check out this insert let's see
kind of little goodies you get inside
and this stuff look at all those so
there's sixteen in this serious look at
that Oh coming in runts and just all
kind so what we got here let's just make
sure so we only have three little pieces
here and I believe this one's all black
so I believe make sure we get this right
this guy is the Covenant grunt spec ops
alright so number two let's see we get
and we open this up there's the little
check sheet get that out of the way and
another dull ways of me and doubles when
I do videos you know I don't do a video
and I just grab these take him home rip
him open on my coffee table I never get
doubles but when I do videos for you
guys
I get doubles so check it out he's got
his little little bass here see we can
plug that on there that tab down there
plug this on and what's cool I think
what I think is cool about these is that
they come put together for you so it's
not a big mess dumping out of the bag
they kind of piece these together for
you and then send them out to you so
that's kind of cool but I did mess with
these and they all kind of all the limbs
and arms and every legs pop off so
that's cool man
alright third one let's see if we get
something different in this one I know
we're gonna get something good see now
this one's like a whole bunch of
different pieces everything out of there
okay now he's got his gun check sheet so
we ended up with the UNSC marine this
guy
really cool I like the little face
sculpt they gave them there with the
visor that's really neat and I'd like to
weigh that gun looks too and what's
really nice about this one is it comes
with a cool little backpack there as
well oh yeah this one's a one the fourth
pack let's see what we get crack this
puppy open dump out everything oh yeah
another double come on I don't like this
so check it out we got another marine
look at this oh man let's get it put
together oh there you go we got a couple
of doubles we got a couple grunts couple
Marines they look awesome and I like the
fact that these guys here come all put
together you don't have to mess with
them and fuss with them at all but you
know they were on sale at my Kmart for I
think a dollar ninety-nine dollar 89
something like that so there was like a
sale on these things so that's so bad
army build what have you thanks for
watching everybody take care we'll see
you next time